c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\MyWebRole.dll.config
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\MyWebRole.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\MyWebRole.pdb
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\obj\Debug\MyWebRole.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\obj\Debug\MyWebRole.dll
c:\users\triosstudent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\MyWebRole\obj\Debug\MyWebRole.pdb
